### 5/3/2021 â€“ Group 34
#### Meeting type: Zoom - Sprint 1 Planning
#### Time start: 9pm PST

#### Attendance:
-	Steven Youssef
-	Haoxuan Wang
-	Taorui Wang
-	Gaurav Dheeraj Kaliaperumal Kalidasan
-	Yang Yue
-	Brian Wang
-	Zhuoliang Pu
-	Yiteng Zhao
-	Jinghao Miao (Tony)
-	Sasya Reddi (TA)

#### What we did:
-	Presented our starting pitch.
-   Started assigning tasks.
-   Deciding what would be required and what would be additional features.
-   Assigned Tasks to people to research about different topics to start coding.

#### Decisions
-	We are going to use Jest for tests via automation.
-   Jinghao, Brian, and Yiteng will work on CI/CD pipeline. 
-   Joseph might do the front end design.
-   We will store locally using JSON objects.
-   Required Features
    -   Labeling system.
    -   Indexing through calendar dates. 
    -   Storing journal entires.
    -   Uploading pictures
- Additional Features
  -   Automated labels.
  -   Searching for entries.
  -   Dark Mode

#### Next time:
-	We will have an Agile Sprint Review.

#### Notes:
-	If there are any questions, ask Sasya Reddi. 
-   We are not allowed to use Bootstrap.
